Update ingestion filtering page to document new logic (#571)
stellar/stellar-docs: network/horizon/admin-guide/ingestion-filtering.mdx

Some key aspects to note about filtering behavior:

> - If both asset and account filters are configured, transactions are stored if it matches atleast one filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If both asset and account filters are configured as enabled and each filter is provisioned at least one white list rule, then transactions are stored on database when any single white list rule from either filter matches on the given transaction.
```
